# Paramedic Trauma Exposure Tracking and Notification:
## Problem:
PTSD is rampant amongst paramedics with Stress Leaves becoming an increasingly 
common issue.  There is a growing movement from both paramedics and paramedic 
service management teams to encourage medics to seek treatment early, or build 
resilient techniques.
However, many medics are still reluctant to seek help, even when they know they 
need it.
The purpose of this pipeline is to automate a tracking service to alerts Senior 
Leadership Teams to situations where paramedics would potentially require 
early intervention. While there is 
a great deal of individual factors in determining what will or will not result 
in a traumatic stress injury, there are general guidelines that can be applied 
to trigger check-in's, debriefs, and other support systems.
This will not catch incident, but if an early alert can reduce the length 
of even one stress leave, there are both individual and financial positives 
that come directly from this.  

## AI Use in This Project:
0% of the code in this project is generated by AI.  However, Gemini Pro was 
used as a reference for architectural decisions, and to bring certain libraries 
to my attention, from which point the official documentation was used.
Claude Code was used for debugging a section of the staging.py file

## Methodology:
This pipeline is containerized with Podman/Docker. 

This dashboard is in production at my paramedic service. To not reveal 
sensitive information, both patient PHIPPA and Employee records, a 
data_generator directory contains a generator.py file to produce synthetic csv 
files modeled after our ERP's formatting.

The CSV is parsed and loaded into a postgres container.  A init.sql file 
creates a view which contains all the required logic to find the required 
information.
Indexes, and stagging (to avoid data duplication inside the db) files exist 
inside the SQL directory.

Metabase was used as a dashboard to display the result.

The entire pipeline is automated with the main.py file triggering the events.  
The podman compose file includes healthchecks for the db.

